Rewrite landing navigation (Getting Started) (#1217)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: docs/contribute/contribution-guidelines.md

### Contributing to the Ethereum consensus API

> The Ethereum consensus API implemented by Prysm is maintained as a separate repository than Prysm. You can read more about how to contribute specifically to the API [here](https://github.com/ethereum/beacon-APIs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum consensus API implemented by Prysm is maintained as a separate repository than Prysm. You can read more about how to contribute specifically to the API on the [Contributing page](https://github.com/ethereum/beacon-APIs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
